Modify Rule S2757: LaYC =+ (#2188)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2757/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> The use of operators pairs (``++=+++``) that look like reversed single operators (``+++=++``) is confusing. They compile and run, but do not produce the same result as their mirrored counterpart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using operator pairs (e.g., ``++=+++``) that look like reversed single operators (``+++=++``) is confusing. They compile and run but do not produce the same result as their mirrored counterpart.
```

Adding "e.g." to show that "=+" is not the only operator pair we talk about

include::../common/code-example.adoc[]

> This rule raises an issue when ``++=+++``, ``++=-++``, ``++=!++``, ``++=&++``, ``++=*++``, ``{plus}={plus}``,  and ``++-=-++`` are used without any space between the operators and when there is at least one whitespace after.

Reviewer: I think the compliant solution
`target = -num;  // Compliant; intent to assign the inverse value of num is clear`
makes the sentence clearer and I'd like to keep it.

== Why is this an issue?

> Using operator pairs (e.g., ``++=+++``) that look like reversed single operators (``+++=++``) is confusing. They compile and run but do not produce the same result as their mirrored counterpart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using operator pairs (e.g., ``++=+++``) that look like reversed single operators (e.g., ``+++=++``) is confusing. They compile and run but do not produce the same result as their mirrored counterpart.
```
